docs: add section about passing in JWTs (#71)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/authentication-and-authorization/configuration.adoc

====
The seemingly excessive escaping is required to doubly escape: once for GraphQL and once for `dot-prop`, which is used under the hood to resolve the path.
====

== Passing in JWTs

> If you wish to pass in an encoded JWT, this must go into the token field of the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pass in an encoded JWT, you must use the token field of the context.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Using Apollo Server as an example, you extract the authorization header into the token property of the context as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Apollo Server, extract the authorization header into the token property of the context as follows:
```

[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
const server = new ApolloServer({
    schema,
});

await startStandaloneServer(server, {
    context: async ({ req }) => ({ token: req.headers.authorization }),
});
----

> For example, a HTTP request with the following `authorization` header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a HTTP request with the following `authorization` header should look like this:
```

[source]
----
POST / HTTP/1.1
authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiaWF0IjoxNTE2MjM5MDIyLCJyb2xlcyI6WyJ1c2VyX2FkbWluIiwicG9zdF9hZG1pbiIsImdyb3VwX2FkbWluIl19.IY0LWqgHcjEtOsOw60mqKazhuRFKroSXFQkpCtWpgQI
content-type: application/json
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

there's an extra space here :)

> === Decoded JWTs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Alternatively, you can pass a key `jwt` of type `JwtPayload` into the context, which has the following definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can pass a key `jwt` of type `JwtPayload` into the context:
```

Author: Hmm this one might need some reworking. The code this refers to is actually not an example of how to use the payload, it is instead the shape of the payload.

We didn't want to go into too much detail about what a user would need to do specifically, instead just providing them enough information to make informed decisions.

Reviewer: I see! It's ok, so just ignore my suggestion :)

----
// standard claims https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1
interface JwtPayload {
    [key: string]: any;
    iss?: string | undefined;
    sub?: string | undefined;
    aud?: string | string[] | undefined;
    exp?: number | undefined;
    nbf?: number | undefined;
    iat?: number | undefined;
    jti?: string | undefined;
}
----

> [WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

duplicated

Author: haha whoops

> _Do not_ pass in the header or the signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING]
_Do not_ pass in the header or the signature.
```
